WebApp/README.md, before:

# WebApp
The product is an online store built for Kham Mangar’s sister. Their aunts and uncle have been sewing handmade masks and sending them to Kham’s sister to sell. 
This will enable her to have her own online storefront getting her product out in the world with ease. E-commerce is the buying and selling of goods and services over the internet. 
E-commerce can be a substitute for brick-and-mortar stores, though some businesses choose to maintain both. Almost anything can be purchased through e-commerce today. 
This will be an HTML and CSS site hosted by Azure with custom domain.

o Ben Szabo: Computer Science Major working for UPS as a CO-OP and waiting tables at a Japanese restaurant. 
At UPS I mainly write test automation using java and selenium as well as citrus. The tests I’ve written cover anything from UI to API testing for blackbox as well as end to end testing. 
I’m going to be moving to application development within UPS to work on a middleware application that resolves communication issues between other applications.

o Kham Mangar: I am a Bhutnese Refugee and now a U.S citizen, hopefully graduating this spring of 2021. I am currently looking for intership/co-op/part-time work related to computer science field. 
I am also interested in serving my community through the IT sector in the national guard. Also want to further my education.

o Walker Bolen: I am currently going to school and working full time at American Commercial Barge Line. I work on the ServiceDesk and training to transition to the Microsoft PowerBi team here shortly. 
I have interest in working in databases and working with the general people. If theres something new and cool to learn I hop on it. I wish I had more freetime to broaden my knowledge but at this point work and school is where I learn new skills.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

Commit message:

updated webapp based on Walkers skeleton
updated webapp based on Walkers skeleton

WebApp/README.md, after:

# P422 Project Stroud's Auction Service

Here, you should put your project proposal. It should be written in english text and describe what you intend to build along with any information necessary. Please use proper markdown formatting. You can find a guide here: [Mastering Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

Your project should have the following requirements met:

* A server side component written with javascript that stores information in a database
* A client side component written in Angular
* At least four different interactive views for the client

You may choose whatever kind of project you like within the ethical guidlines of the university. Commit your propasal to this file and we will discuss your project idea if it needs improvement.
<h1>Stroud's Auction Service</h1>>

<p>
My project will be redoing an idea I had in the past for my cousins auction service. He wants an online front to advertise and share for his auctions. This site will show the upcoming auctions with pictures and information about the sale.
</p>
<h1> Database</h1>
<p>The database file will be constantly updated whenever a new auction is scheduled. This will then post the new information to the spot on the webpage. This database may include some single items as well. This could be items that he will sell singly and not during an auction. The only issue is changing the document constantly would be the only time consuming part that will kept up by me. Luckily I help out so it will be something that I will be around. </p>

<h1>Client Side and Views</h1>
<p> 
The client end will be written in angular probably as 4 separate pages. A home page, meet the Auctioneer, upcoming auctions and a contact page. On the contact page will be linked to the Facebook page. I am not to sure of how I want to go out it yet. I was thinking more of either a rustic or retro vibes.The client side is the 2nd most important part of the website, information being first.

Once I have a better understanding of Angular then this part will be better to try to describe what will happen. Any input is appreciated.
</p>
